Nicely rendered piece. The background works well against the in-focus foreground elements. P. sternbergi has visible manual digits I-IV, but I, II and II aren't apparent in your reconstruction. To my knowledge, the only pterosaur which lacks its manual digits (other than the 'wing finger') is Nyctosaurus.

Also, your animal lacks pycnofibres - is that deliberate? Unless there is direct, fossil evidence for a pterosaur lacking pycnofibres ('fuzz'), I would give it a generous coat. Depending on how you render the fuzz, you can use it to mask some of the harsher body contouring - in particular, where the wing chord attached to the body.

I had to pad that out a bit to make the hundred word minimum, but the take-home point is the digit count. Hope that all helps. :)

|


Awesome piece! I'm not to good on anatomy when it comes to four-legged creatures but I do know a little bit about water backgrounds! If you want him to blend more into the background, maybe try adding lighter blue shading onto his top half (since it's closest to the surface) And a dark shade of blue to his bottom half. You can also do water webbing, to help give him a bit more depth into the background. Experiment with bubbles a lot of people have their own style when it comes to making them, maybe make the bubbles more transparent and add a some lighter color on the bottom and a little speck on the top of the bubbles to make it look more realistic.

Great job though! <: I hope this helps some at least.

|



This photograph is sublime! What a marvellous, powerful work!

I'm not at all sure I can actually offer a 'critique' as such, because I really cannot find anything about it I would criticize.

It is simply wonderful! Absolutely breathtaking in its vision and its execution. So striking and engaging and enthralling; multi-layered and multifaceted in all the feelings and ideas it intimates and evokes.

Ultimately, I feel, a vision of strength, frailty, mystery, longing, courage and hope.

If "Wow!" counts as a critique, then this is my critique. Thank you for sharing your vision. And congratulations on achieving a stunning work of art!

|


I have never done a piece of digital art, but I'm hoping to give you a meaningful critique as best I can. First off, your piece is beautiful; you should feel immensely proud :). What make it such a wonderful piece of art are the ways in which you set the scene, from the growth of the vegetation to the weather to personal details like the stance of the guards, the chickens, and the placement of the banners. It fulfills its role as art - a form of expression - quite perfectly.

After careful inspection, the only thing I can think to advise you upon is perhaps some minor details with lighting. I'm not sure if you WANT to make it any more realistic - maybe that would change it from its slightly dreamy appearance - but to make this appear more tangible, consider your interactions with light and shadow. The sunlit stonework and wood should have more apparent detail than what is in shadow. Colors, too, would have a more distinct shade contrast than you have chosen to show (for instance, the lamp posts and vegetation). I realize it would be quite difficult, but you have it in you!

The fact that you produced such a wonderful piece shows that you can do anything you put your mind to. Thanks for such wonderful art!

|


Stunning and very well done. I'd give an even better critique if even knew how you produced such beatuiful pieces. I can't help but give high scores because this piece is just that attractive in talent and appearance. I will admit, that it took a second look to realize that there was a clock inside of the eye.

When I first gazed at the image, I could only think of ice, or chills, and I still feel the same way. A remarkable piece indeed, and I can't wait for your future works that really catch my eye. I can't point out any flaws because I love everything about the image. If I'm not mistaken, it appears that there are hidden images in the vision of the eye. Well, maybe not hidden but I can see it as a reflection of what is being seen in the eye.

A powerful piece added to my collection. Awesome work! :heart:


|


Ooo, the colors are stunning! The combo is great! I wouldn't think all those colors would go so nicely.

From the pose to the light reflecting off of the googles/glases it's perfect! The drawing to is perfect as well.

The other thing I think is perfect is the fact you can't tell what kind of creature it is!! I love how that is, and how it looks like a lot of creatures!! Good Job!

I've looked through all your art and I think this is my favorite.
~Sapphires-graphics
PS. I'm looking forward to see a lot more of your art!!

|


I love the use of colours in this drawing. The only colour that seemed to be used were different shades of red; which could either symbolize love or hatred. Seeing that you gave her the original "Evil Elsa" hair design, I see her as an evil badass queen. The brush techniques and textures really reveal the flow of the fire on the dress and makes it look alive, even though the picture is still. Sadly, the idea has been done an immense amount of times, although you seemed to do it differently from what I've seen by creating a brand-new dress and giving her another hairstyle that isn't her 'signature french braid'. The dress just pops out at your face, but since everything else on her (eyes, hair, makeup) were the same colour, they just seemed to blend in with the dress. Usually the other features are supposed to pop out on their own to create the incredible "wow" that would be said under a guy's breath when they see her for the first time. [I don't know a lot about makeup, but my one friend had a makeup class and I had to be her model.. Worst. Experience. Ever... Anywho, I remember her teacher specifically told her not to use blue eyeshadow because it matched my eyes. So, the at makeup rule must also go with drawing makeup in a cartoon too, I guess.] Overall, I enjoyed your drawing and I notice all of the major improvements you've made over the years (with proportion, facial features, hair, shading, colouring, etc.) Keep up the good work! :)


|


AWWW!!!!!!! SO CUTE! Sorry for the 4.5, It's hard for me to imagine stuff with ADHD. This is so beautiful!!!! It took me minutes to figure out who Lovino was at first but then I figured it out. I am also depressed so I can compare to this. It made me sad to read this because of how emotional it was. Keep writing stories like this! The song you picked out is perfect for the story theme. I love the ending, it brought a smile to my face! I can just go on and on about this but I probably shouldn't keep on going on.

|


This is a very unique style, I don't recall ever seeing one similar to your's. I'm a big fan of how clean the lineart is as well as the whole picture. The sharp points and varying widths give it a lot of personality. The character's design is nice and simple, and the color choice is lovely and doesn't clash. The subtle colored shading gives the picture more volume a long with the drop shadow behind it and the white lines. Altogether, this is a very nice image and your style is beautiful. Keep up the great work, and good luck!

|

It's good, I like it.
especially the red line of his visor moves.
also, you made a mistake at the mouth, the mouth is supposed to be smiling. that is if you were doing the helmet from Discovery.

...nothing more to say
GOOD JOB! ;)
I put vision to 3.5 is because my eyesight not very good, and it was hard to see the details of your artwork. its not your fault though... I need glasses.
Thomas and Guy would love this icon... I talked to them, but I'm NOT saying how sorry.
all i have to say, but here is a link to Daft Punk's documentary they're making...
www.bbc.co.uk/mediacentre/worl…


|

This is a very interesting take from a perspecive not usually covered in mythological stories, and I already applaud you for the subject matter. Also, thank you for a further explaination ofbackground in the description, if this piece was published it would probably work better asan epigraph, but in this case, it fits, and helped me familiarize myself with the story.
(Before I go in depth, I just want to say please excuse any awkward spacing, as I'm on my phone and the critique is faltering.)
Your tone is immediately very soft and fitting for the piece. Going throughout it, however, I've found that you have a surplus of articles that you may want to lose, primarily the word "my". You can find another substituting word or lose it completely by replacing it with textural adjectives, perhaps describing the marble? If you say "the glances away from sculpted eyes", we'd know whom you were referring to. I'd also suggest changing lines three and four to "gentle curves and small feet/enough to entrance you for hours."
You become more active in the second stanza, keeping us positively involved in the poem, and I wish I could see a bit more of that (a touch, a movement, sensory detail), however, the brevity of this poem also adds to its power, so more present activity is something that should be your personal decision to pursue or not.
Finally, I really like your diction along the acid rain area, and referring to "will" as a concrete object that can be "corroded". I was, however, a bit lost from "the glances away..." to "..want to feel". This is because the line "as my head was no longer visible" seems like an aside, and you hop from the word "visible" to "into", making it sound like an invisible head is something he wants to feel? It could do with some rearranging due to some minor awkward phrasing with the eyes and head lines--we don't know what's being changed "into something".
Other than that, I really think you've got an excellent start, and your last two lines are brilliant (the line break was well executed there!). To add more tension to the second stanza you could play around with enjambment, but honestly, you've got a pretty nice tone and some great diction throughout, so it might not be worth it. Just edit a few awkward spots and you're good to go!

|


Too much detail in teeth; I personally don't think we should be able to make out every single indent that separates each tooth from the other. Also, tongue doesn't look normal, even for a zombie. I looks miss colored.
You have waaaaaaaaay too many teeth to being with. I don't think even zombies with wisdom teeth have both top and bottom teeth hooked up to the jaw in any way, shape or form. That isn't human like, alive or dead, anyway.
Also, its left check bone appears to be too far out, well away from were is should be. Even a deform/receding skin shouldn't get like that. Consider looking good at some human skulls [just do some Google Imaging searches]...think that will help you a lot here.
I do like the lack of upper lip. The eye detail is really good, and it seems appropriate that only one eye is actually working [assuming the other one is even in his skull.
Blood and cuts seem even...not too much excess, but enough too tell you this zombie has seen action at least once.
It's very hard to tell which way his body is facing, and if the zombie has his head turned. Considering all the scars on his face I'd think there'd be some holes and/or blood on that shirt. I don't know what you're doing with the right shoulder, it looks too high compared to the left one.
Personally, I think he has a bit too much hair. I'd think he'd be missing some, and that what he DOES have would be a complete mess. Looks like the zombie here knows how to use a brush. I don't think most zombies know what a brush even is, let alone how to use one.
It looks like he has an elf ear. If most of his ear is torn off, wouldn't there be at least a little dried blood on his head and right shoulder?
He looks angry. Like that.
He seems to be lacking most of his neck, assuming one is even there. It looks like his head is kind of glued directly to his collar bone.
The nose looks a little weird. Nostrils are flared, which looks pretty good as it adds to the angry look. But his nose seems very thin. Especially the middle of it. I'm not an expert on cartridge [the stuff you ears, nose, and several other things are made of], but I would think it would take about as long [maybe a little bit less] time for it to rot alongside skin.
He seems to have no left jaw muscles in his cranium that are still intact. It looks good, and explains the drooped jaw. Like that, but wouldn't there be a little flesh or tissue were those muscles once lay?
Can't make out his chin too well.
Enjoy the wrinkles. Good idea. And you managed to add enough to really show the rotting, but didn't add to many to make it look like he's due for a dry-cleaning. Well done.
Overall, good work. Really enjoy this. Too many teeth, and the skull and nose seem deformed. Great work, and I hope you keep it going!


|


Wow! New art, huh? It is pretty cool without any mistakes, congrats! You have good art style here! Well done at that but can you raise the brightness of this picture ,please? I am kinda can't see anything here... At least, I see that ghost with red eyes...
What is the possessor's name? Do you have the story about what cause him to death or something, if do I am really looking forward into that, that's it...
What program do you use, No way that the pic is made in MS Paint, it is too old...
Otherwise, great pic but need some brightness :aww:

I hope for you good luck of your other drawings,
YouTubeWare


|

This picture shows a strong compositional balance light to dark based on the diagonal from left to right, bottom to top respectively. The over the shoulder pose of the model is interesting and direct in its gaze. The single dred over the face which bisects it I find a bit off putting. The face is your primary emotive element, obscuring it without purpose is a misstep. If there is a purpose here, I'm not reading it. The legs scene right give a strong linear element right of frame which I think may also be accidental and distracting. Having just the knees breaking the water might have been better and emphasized the dark vs. light diagonal composition. I like that the palette is subdued with the exception of the red of the leaves which is mirror in the models lips. Maybe some hints of the color subtly photo-shoped into the the water reflections would tie it into the shadow portion? The red leaves framing her head as they do has a lot of appeal. Also, I would put your signature to lower right, reversed out and maybe consider shrinking it to "AP" in your stylized font/script. Reason being your don't want your mark to detract from your composition. In its current place in such high contrast (dark on light) it competes with the image itself.

|


Todo te ha salido muy bien, sobre todo el "impacto" del dibujo. Los colores oscuros juntos con la expresión feroz del dragon ciertamente da una impression inolvidable!

También es obvio que tu sabes como dibujar digitalmente, te ha quedado muy bien! :D

Lo único que no creo que sea de cinco estrellas es la originalidad (es eso una palabra??). En verdad yo he visto muchos dibujos de dragones, y aunque este es genial, no tiene nada que nunca he visto, tampoco. Pero lo demas quedo tan perfecto que en realidad no le quita nada al dibujo!

Lo hicistes muy bien! felicidades!


|

I like the decision here to use the upper two thirds of the frame for the sky and the lower two thirds for the land. There's a lot going on in the sky, and using rule of thirds placement for the horizon places the foreground object at a nice, interesting position. There are maybe a couple of things I would have done differently. I'd have pulled just a bit to the right or cropped in post-processing to line up the third post from the left with the 1/3 line. Ultimately it would have been best to have done it with the original framing, as it would have provided a little better view of the road / driveway as well. Of course, I have no idea what was to the right of the frame, and you may have framed it this way intentionally to avoid capturing an unwanted object in the frame. :)

Ultimately, your original exposure level was good, but I'd have personally merged a couple of more exposures for this particular photograph. 1/2 stop down would've brought out some more of the details in the posts in the foreground and made the sky less black, and a full stop up would've cut down on some of the blown out highlights in the clouds.

Altogether, I like the photograph, and it's quite good the way it is. Mostly these are just stylistic preferences.

|


First off I just want to commend the artist for using what I consider a near perfect balance of shadows and light (I say near perfect since I don't know what perfect really is.) I'm also impressed by the minimal use of color in the background, limiting it to trees and foliage. As for the rest of the background, I like the way the artist uses subtle gray shapes and lines to indicate buildings. Going back to the trees, I just noticed the lines along the tree trunks to provide just enough detail to enhance the picture. Getting to the main subject, I can't help but be impressed by the expression on her face. Most pictures I've seen like this already have the subject shedding tears. Here the artist catches the moment just before the tears start. What impresses me the most though is the artist's ability to get the viewer (me) to feel sympathy for her due to her predicament. Right now I just want to reach out and embrace her, letting her know everything will be alright.


|

This is a really beautiful piece. The lighting scheme is astounding. Soul's expression and his black and white shading remains cool and calm, while the red and black background just screams out insanity. It really shows how Soul was cool and composed on the outside but kinda nutsy on the inside and also shows his love of music. Again, the lighting in this is amazing, and I also love the way you did Soul's eyes; vey captivating. The only thing I can really say to improve this is to perhaps add a little bit of musical notes to the background. Other than that, this is a wonderful piece of artwork that really brings out a less-seen ide of Soul.
The actual costume, makeup, and photography are flawless- the blood looks more realistic than some I've seen and I know achieving the effects of real blood without spilling blood can be nearly impossible.

But from what I read in the manga, Madame Red planned her murders. In other words, these were cold blooded killings. I don't think she would be so frightened or surprised by her work, especially since she was a doctor and worked in a time before we knew to cauterize blood vessels.
Just a thought-

(I'm working on a way to capture her Jack the Ripper side too- its not easy)

|

Great drawing. doing a 1 year challenge? that's hard stuff. much respect.

you got pretty nice proportions. for the most part. i like that.
i like how you filled in all the detail to your ability and got the background in and some of the details of the fruit while not being overly dramatic with them.

i think your perspective or. technique for constructing and seeing shape could be better, like the bottom of the bowl. in perspective like this the bottom is more dramatically rounded then the top of the bowl. all this bowl is. is a cylinder. so when you go to draw something think of it as a 3D object. much like you'd see in a video game or a sculpture with clay. and break it into simple forms. like cones and cubes. then add your details and contours ontop.

overall i like the effort you put in. and it looks great. keep up the work. i wish you luck. and keep drawing :)

|


this is beutiful and i love simple subjects turned into pieces of art.

the colors are lovely. and the contrasts. it's really attractive in a sense of "oh whats going on here? oh wow look over there...ooo whats this!!" it keeps me intrigued in the peice. for lack of a better word.

i like the content though the chair kind of being the main subject. i think could have gotten a little less obstructed. my eye keeps changing this from a underneath view to a top view. and that might not happen to everyone *im very tired right now* but it is slightly confusing.

also be careful with your blacks. even if a subject is pure black. try to not use a pure black. if you can help it. it gives it a more natural feel and useing more pure blacks can tend to put a *hole* in the image. if that makes sense. though it could be issues with the photo making it darker too.

overall i love its simplicity, it's color. the style is awesome. and is just a great piece to look at. awesome job. i wish you well. goodluck. and keep up the effort cause your doing an amazing job :)


|

This piece is gorgeous! I love the detail that you put into this painting, and the colors that you used, as well. The blue and green tones really add an eerie and mysterious look to this piece, along with the bluish, glowing hue that you painted behind the fox.

I'm not sure if this was intended, but because of the glowing strands beyond the spirit's eyes, (and the shape of its eye), it looks as if the fox is crying, which adds a bit more depth and emotion to this piece. I personally like it, though some people probably wouldn't.

I also love how you made the clouds revolve around the fox, as if they and all the other plants are interested in the spirit. The only problem that I could have with this piece is the panda. Although the panda is very cute, it seems sort of out of place here, since there are so many things centered around the fox. However, the panda's expression is really fitting, and again, displays a sense of awe and wonder at such a mysterious creature.

All in all, this is a beautiful piece! :)


|

This is a really beautiful piece. The lighting scheme is astounding. Soul's expression and his black and white shading remains cool and calm, while the red and black background just screams out insanity. It really shows how Soul was cool and composed on the outside but kinda nutsy on the inside and also shows his love of music. Again, the lighting in this is amazing, and I also love the way you did Soul's eyes; vey captivating. The only thing I can really say to improve this is to perhaps add a little bit of musical notes to the background. Other than that, this is a wonderful piece of artwork that really brings out a less-seen ide of Soul.

|

This is a fabulous soft mount. The skill it took to mount the face to keep it realistic and life like is just unbelievable. Also, you got to love those ears. The legs don't look all short and awkward like most soft mounts' legs. It honestly looks like that man is holding a living, breathing coyote. Though it's hard to tell from this one photo, it doesn't appear to show the seams from where he was sewn. He has kind eyes accentuated by his brows. I can't say enough about this coyote. This is probably one of my all time favorite coyote soft mounts.

|

Primero de todo: es impecable, tanto luces como sombras, profundidad / perspectiva, colores, composición... Pero lo mejor son las texturas, que lo hacen más realista aún. Fue un acierto usar esos dos programas, a mí misma me recuerda a las ilustraciones 3D y la combinación de estilos es muy efectista.

Un gran dibujo, una verdadera pena que el concurso estuviera amañado.

Si te sirve de consuelo, aquí en España también suelen estar amañados, pero quédate con que es un buen trabajo del que seguro podrás sacarle partido aunque sea para tu portafolio.

En cuanto al dibujo ganador: no es malo, pero desde luego la calidad no se puede comparar con el tuyo, incluso dentro de su mismo estilo cartoon. Yo misma prefiero hacer arte tradicional (supongo que porque es lo que me han enseñado, aunque algo probé del digital) pero en el fondo los conceptos son los mismos, luz y sombra, manchas de color, grafismos, lo que sea... En otras palabras, que incluso los artistas tradicionales pueden valorar igual la calidad de un trabajo digital.

Por otro lado he de decir que la descalificación no estaba justificada, pues no le veo tanto parecido al Smaug de la película (que aún no he podido ver, sólo he visto concept...). Si bien en el libro hay una descripción, no muchos ilustradores la han seguido al pie de la letra, lo más importante es que es un dragón inteligente de color rojo (y en parte, la expresión que le diste al dragón refleja esa inteligencia).

En fin, no te desanimes y sigue haciendo artes como este.

|


Hola que tal! dejame decirte en primer lugar que tus dibujos me encantan >_<
que talento! Tus achurados son increíbles :D!
Bueno y ahora noto que estás probando nuevas técnicas y eso es genial, muy bien :)
Aunque creo que en esta pintura necesitabas remarcar más, mucho más las sombras más profundas por ejemplo en el azul más oscuro en la sombra de las botas, pliegues de la ropa, para agregarle profundidad al asunto, porque creo que algunas partes del cuerpo y otras cosas se pierden (o no agregas suficiente volumen), como las piernas, en especial en la que recarga el brazo, el tronco y el humo... o bufanda, no noto muy bien qué es jaja.. perdona.
Otro detalle es que la cabeza tal vez quede un poco pequeña al resto del cuerpo y una capucha más amplia hubiese quedado un poquito mejor.
Ahora noto que es un lobo detrás de él xD creo que debió tener más impacto y más detalle para que resalte un poquito.
Ya si bien, tu estilo en pintura es más suave entonces sólo recalcaría el remarcar las sombras.
Gracias por tu consideración :P y saluditos!

|


It's realy good. But it has a few issues in proportions. Bother of the ears along with the nose are to long. You need to shorten the head as well. The coloring and other stuff is good it's just the physical aspects of the cherarcter seem off in my opinion. It's not supper off just a small bit long. It looks great and the way you drew it was great but as I was taught to watch for proportions I gained the habit of pointing out unproportional stuff. Now I am just typing to breach the word cap of the critique.

|

First of all, what a lovely painting! I love looking at it, it's so cute and adorable!
I love the color palette you used for this! All the colors fit perfectly together!
The markings are awesome too! Like the little star on there!
I love the stars in the hair and on the horns! Very original!
I don't know why, but the neck looks a little bit odd to me, tho. I'm not sure if that's because of the hair placement!
I also think you shouldn't have had added the white line around the star on the neck and moon on the tail, I think it should've been like the rest of the picture!
Overall, great drawing!
|


This is quite an amazing photo. I love how the person is just hiding in the shadows, like my silly cat, Goosa does! I give this a 100 out of 10! Brilliant photography and setting on witch you wanted this to be based on. Good job, this is really quite amazing and just, mind blowing if I may say! Keep up the good photography and other stuff you do on your dA account. You also inspire me a little. My fave thing about this is the colors. Well, good job on this. Keep up the awesome work. From your fan, RainbowDashieRainbow.

|
This is amazing. I live the way you colored it, but the facial structure seems a bit off.

Since it's a side/profile view, the mouth should be cut in half (sorta) and the mouth here is a front view of the mouth. I suggest that you should look at more references.

Also, the hair. The hair looks like a fluff ball. (no offence) And I see that you are covering up the ears. Don't cover it up, let it show. (LET IT SHOW, LET IT SHOWWWWWW!!) (:P) That's how you get better at drawing the ears. The hair here is a front view of the hair.

The shoulders, too. Because it's a side view, only half of the shoulders should show.

The neck should be a little bit thinner, but other than those, It's fantastic!

|

This work is very interesting. It has an appeal in its simplicity and brevity that is difficult to find in a longer piece. That stated, its impact is huge. The punctuation is also used to good effect; it could have been used better. The diction aids the piece in every way. If you did have simplicity in mind for this piece, you could not have done it better.
The originality could have come through in a different way. I enjoy the message of the work- it's a very good one, and one that we artists and citizens need to hear. This piece does not strike me as being entirely original in form, but in function, it serves its purpose excellently- and it is a fantastic haiku. Very well done, technique-wise.
Again, I'd like to stress just how high the vision and impact of this piece is. Although it may seem unassuming, once time is taken to absorb the message, the impact will be lasting.
Thank you for sharing your work, and I hope you'll put up with me, new as I am to deviantArt!

|

i just love every second i pend reading this story! it makes me feel like it is a real episode because i can visualize it in my head so well. My only complaint is that you mentioned in broken curse that simone will die without ice queens crown but yet and still it was never fully explained how breaking the crown saves simone. her body has been around for so many years so she would have died jut like in the episode called betty.But otherwise awesome and i can't wait to finish your story. glob i will be staying up late to read it!

|


This picture is really great and AWESOME!!!

Very accurate as a paw :D I love this a lot, especially the shading... I don't really know what to say... this is marvelous... Hard to spot any mistakes! It seems a bit too fluffy, like a bear's paw, but bears paws a thicker, right? Hard to tell which animal this paw is of :( I would suggest making the middle paw stand out a bit less... maybe just take away the black outline, I'm sure it will help.

The picture is easy to see on the drawing, I'm glad. It looks really sketchy, just the way I like it! Keep up the great work buddy! :heart: :huggle:

|

This is cute. :3

Very nice lines; everything from the stance to the expression (particularly the wink) gives the character such sass. :') The anatomy is nice, too; really accurate! Overall, it's a very nice character design.

I've always been a fan of your colouring style and how you incorporate textures within your work. It gives a really nice effect and one I feel is becoming trademark to you, almost.

I like your use of complimentary colours too, with the warm reds/pinks and the greens. It looks neat and very effective.

I really love this; awesome job! This is very adorable, you should be proud.

|

This...is...THE CUTEST THING EVER! The noses touching is really cute! But Eclipse looks like a grey and pink Umbreon and Naiya looks like a shiny Eevee with a scarf, hair, a different tail, wings (or what the thing on the back are), different ears and without the fluff. But I like it though. The blush looks like a blush in a cartoon and the background is beautiful! I read the description and when I found out this was a drawing, I was amazed! This is beautiful and romantic. Keep up the good work and I'm gonna start watching you!

So Cute!

|

This is really amazing! I am not gonna lie, this artwork is so adorkable! I like the coloring and the eyes are so lovely :heart:. You have a great-looking style and the pose is so cute. I liked the way when you draw Moonshine! :thumbsup:

By the way, we had so much fun at Twii's join.me yesterday! We helped Twii and Softy from evil and we made them feel better. We all support these idols anf we'll never forget! And you, dearest Torieee, you are such a great friend o' mine! :D

You better keep working and carry on!

Peace out! :D

|

Oh.... oh my... this is just....

There are no words to tell how beautiful this is...

The beauty.... is enough to make a man cry.

This is clearly high quality art, 10/10 should be hung in a museum.

By far better than my art, this is so beautiful and majestic.

Way better than SkyDoesMinecraft.

Just amazing.

And the hands are so realistic... it's unbelivable.

How do you draw like this??!

Please do tell me.

I want to learn how to draw like this.

Oh my, and the eye looks amazing!

Pure art right here.

I'm printing this out and putting it on my wall.

Thank you for contributing this fine art to us.

|


Critique by BixLefort 3 days, 4 hours ago
Avec uniquement 2 photos pour juger, ça va être un peu dur, mais je vais essayer.
D'une part, je trouve le costume pas mal du tout, les manches séparées du reste font un bel effet, et la coiffure est plutôt bien réussie. J'avoue bien aimer la présence des petits papillons dans les cheveux.
Je regrette par contre que le pendentif fasse un peu trop toc (en tout cas sur cette photo) même si sa présence apporte une touche sympathique. Peut-être en prévoir un autre.

Ensuite, la pose est sympa, ainsi que la position des cheveux tous passés sur la même épaule. Par contre, je regrette que les tétons ne ressortent pas. Je pense qu'il aurait été plus agréable de les faire pointer.

Qu'en penses-tu ?

|

oh my god! Dude this is amazing! It might be innapropriate, but thats the body, and it is amazing! I expesually love what you did with the lower half. xD not to mention the fact that it's just extremily well drawn! You are so good at drawing dude! I know this dosen't exactly sound right with my wording, but at the moment I'm just like wow. it happens whenever I see an anime pic this hawt! keep up the good work! You are an amazing artist, and if you don't eventually get your own anime, I'll give up on humanity.
-xD

|

This is amazing! The expression fits Cadence perfectly, it shows her kind side, shows that she can have fun. You have amazing technique! I love how you made the mane a little messier, to make it look more realistic. Also, the shading and lighting is amazing, especially on the horn and mane. I think the background choice is perfect. It's simple and doesn't take away from the main focus of the drawing, while still being beautiful. Her mane is very well drawn, very detailed. Overall, this is an amazing piece of artwork, beautiful to look at and has a warm feeling to it. You are a very talented artist! :)

|


Critique by AgentRainy 3 days, 6 hours ago
Uummm Okay. I haven't critiqued in a long time but here we go!

For starters I guess I'll start with the background.
I can tell that there's dirt and grass. And the sky is blue. But the sky doesn't just magically change color when there's a border between two characters! I suggest next time trying to keep the sky the same color.
As for the grass, unfortunately it isn't naturally a pastel-ish lime green. I suggest maybe referencing real grass for color and texture.
Let's use this image for example! > fav.me/dx0gj1
Here we have a perfect example of natural, green grass. You should maybe try using brushes to add blades of grass rather than lumps.
As for the dirt - the lumps will work but try making them less sharp looking. As well as maybe adding pebbles and stones and cracks - dirt isn't just brown!
Another example > fav.me/d2pasbp
You can clearly see the lumps and pebbles here. You've got the brown idea down, but texture is key!!

Next I guess I'll move on to anatomy.
You have the right idea - head, tail, four legs, ears...
But I'd like to point out that heads aren't circles. There's a lot of depth - especially in animals. I'm going to take a guess that the characters are a fox and dog, or maybe an Eevee and Victini? I'm not sure. But I'll cover that!
For the purple character, let's use this as a reference > fav.me/d3dt3j5
Assuming she's a fox, by using this as a reference, you can clearly see the pointed muzzle. That's a key point to foxes. Next I'll point out the body structure. This artist uses a common technique - three circles. One for the head and two for the body. This helps with giving the chest and flank the correct circle-ish shape and the abdomen connects the two circles.
Which brings me to the legs! Foxes have relatively thin, long legs built for stealth. One thing you should try adding are joints. That will most certainly make the legs look very fluent!! ^^ Toes are also essential to a proper mammal. Most mammals have four toes. I suggest maybe adding toes to make them look nicer too!
Lastly I'll brush up on the tail. You should try raising it just a little. The tail is an extension of the spine, so you could try making it appears more connected to the spine rather than just sort of poking out of the characters rear.
Dogs are similar to foxes except a bit more bulky. So try going for a similar idea as the fox, but with more bulk. ^^ The heads are different, they're more roundish with a kind of square muzzle.
A reference for that > fav.me/dqgl3u

Finally I'll follow up with the rating.
I'm giving it one star for vision because there were a lot of things that needed a bit of fixing.
I'm giving it one a star for originally because the idea of two characters being separated has been done a plethora of times.
I'm giving technique half a star because of all the flaws (Sorry!!).
Finally, Impact is one star because even though this scene is clearly kind of sad, two characters separated, one being in a gloomier state than the other, it's not terribly with the way it was illustrated.

I'm sorry for being kind of harsh with the ratings, but I hope this helps you improve!! ^^


|

This picture immediately stunned me with its beauty. I didn't even need to think twice about making this the first painting I've ever critiqued. Every time I look at it, it never fails to take my breath away.
You can just barely see the Skrelp if you're close up, but if you lean back in your chair, you can clearly see her silhouette. This gives the impression that you really are underwater, with algae covering the surface to create the shadows and green coloring. The dark lines going upward gives the impression that she is floating behind some kelp or seaweed, not wanting to be disturbed.
I believe that the oddly-shaped bubbles give it a nice feel. I in fact have seen oddly-shaped bubbles like this before. The fact that they are simply lighter circles with smaller, darker circles in the back, makes it really seem 3D.
This picture is beautiful yet mysterious. I believe that this makes it truly something to remember.

|


your godzilla fan arts just keep getting better and better. Especially with the announced new monsters. This design is flawlessly done and has some great tone and shading on Ghidorah's heads.

The use of other shades to make the piece blend together is also very nicely done.

This piece in general is well made in my opinion due to it's tonality and artistic value. It's a great piece that showcases just how cool the designs used for the next installment of the Godzilla franchise could look.

take notes, legendary. you're going to need 'em.

This is a very well done piece, and i'm looking forward to seeing your future works :)

|

Okay, I'm not the first person to say this, but it needs to be said again: THIS IS EPIC. The style is fluid and goes well with the picture, and the look in celesta's eyes...

The only detail that seem a little off in this picture is that the cloud in the top right looks a little cut off. (sorry if this seems like nitpicking)

To leave on a positive note, the thing that really makes this artwork appeal to me is that it looks thought out and not just something where you were struck by the muse and tried to get it all out without any premeditation.

I encourage you to continue making more pieces like this one so that we, the masses, may continue to enjoy their beauty.

|

I find this love rather genuine. It's shape and the format you have done it in is incredible, and the color is of the gods of color (and tacos).

If I could draw something like this, I would pee myself because it would asend into the cloud of majesty, where it and your drawing would lounge about and drink koolaid with several other great world of art. I.e.- the Mona Lisa, Van Gouge's starry night, and more important works that I am too tired to name right now. The drawings and works of art would have a great time together.

Your drawing is amazing. Keep up the good work.

****** if I spell anything wrong, it's cause I just woke up ._.

|

Okay,its my first critique ever so I'm going to start.This is a perfect portrait and very beautifull and full of warm story.Like full of love and story and it looks like she is going to start talking to me.Its realy perfect.The originality is ORIGINAL,the tehnoque is PERFECT,the vision is really nice and the portrait is just simply....soo....beautifull and...just....CADENCE :D Its stuck with the personality of the character and it looks like she is going to say:"I had so much fun".Just its stucks with the personality and originality of the character and its deserves alll stars.The shading is also perfect!PERFECT :D

|

Wow this amazes me so much, you did a wonderful job on it. I am very impressed with the shading, the outlines, background, and the eyes. This is very pretty, I especially love he rose border. I am so speechless by this, I can't even do this, the shading really brings out the reality of it, the lighting everything. Your art is amazing (haven't looked through the gallery yet), I don't even know what to say, all I can say is wow, I am impressed by this, keep up the good work and everything you do, I love the bow on her neck it looks great.
